#!/bin/bash
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtgnmop7vsf2gfl5mrit4e3ono6xmsbxp2k2rsxcozjaaov3idvuwa --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdl
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtr3qvhrz5ukch6jzejiqvte6hjsjwho6agnofrfd7txgkfc7e4xua --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdq
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtowhrhgbmiysbudjiqmmk4ey74ob5q3flhgwkvrsha4gquagid5ra --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdc
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljt3c7wz3rkvihqj67nvp4hfi4vimex6oul56yugvqnmf657erlqtxq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdf
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljthsqhotha2wkpwa7wfcm6xrgflxwe2tpp7jprjcyij5corxbyglyq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdo
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtz7xlredhqtga73ioy2xdiwzybq6ujpo5w5s2jclhiyuz5pvcqcpa --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdk
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtbpuj3z3w4ewd447nfvygtu2zvkylcp7kapt27537bqgnwwguzmla --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdm
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljts6d4zzqqx2pfcrthwsbk7j3cc6mnwl7mouwmlnklsrbjbcrxgewa --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdt
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtxrsorlvbxtwx5ltjsfc3qjy2ap6wdj3vvatutp55i3xjkjwofrhq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdn
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtc2bwbgfvqd4wbtokwvfypyff5rhz67l33m4tk2zjhdzp2itgcwfa --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdae
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljthqmvnkkk6gvygigokboajqwgyskz2kxnws7hmsrg5o7izqujudla --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdad
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljt3bb6rea6bppl6ryqtt5qeen2hk263fnr3tiyko7rgxsln3qcr4wa --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdac
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtchslgglesmzxuzwaffaw2cf4w2z47vvqlsjgwpdobrq6ccr4vhpq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdaa
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtgdvnrnguv7tc35t6sw7cqzi672r35wnicdtf7shtfo4yvrntudyq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdx
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtsat77yavmc7vc5q62vldshg22m6at7e7dkzezezxdztcoxmvyzta --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdv
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtdwsc3sqoerl3mefn7fgovpawyfadnv23n37by73bexs4x7thydka --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdz
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtahghzjtawlcvhginqcllvgwkbtywf6zzj7uoveejqa6ljxxbsdjq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdh
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljttcvfnycn5n63phdejibravpqo6zcs5ijw2akrmf5iw6ncmkkgqwq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdj
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtmhjatz65up6pb7yhbfgpv6mehcs5t6kdxk6by6fdpeubvxbrfnjq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdab
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtjlggu4j76hoaqo7rbit6tedyshpniwpbm6rloc7gh3hfeoabwzvq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdg
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljt6cky6tv6fnd4ijbejzbopztql3yrh24dqebrbiouyaps3gf4rhrq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdp
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtt57ruygrnfzmcr45tbezmvp5jcff7h5tpu6totbr2wez2c4rkj2a --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdy
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtz3pdhuhutjemwhkiv3gz54u2tjcn7xvac44yfrw3pxcinjhmiqja --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevds
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtqdfk2hcpiiyu3pnoj44gduxwmavayu6hsnqw47zpi2qltloxh75a --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdr
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtqasyhm536f6a74lk6zv3a2gcfyp73ttjhkkw7undisbgma2aejha --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdd
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtbttxsclply227mkfpfuceezvuc3symuik2fl2mft74yxmrrtsbkq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevde
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljttd4zkqsx6f66jnijrafdnrzytdcmo52a6wzpjabhtzqhseyrkcba --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdu
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtxhoz7l6ny5qjdnx7ieja3ctbh72344xvwva6ca4k67oiipxyr7aq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdw
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtcrkrzi7jrfhke6oir4xedvfmqeihoiazxlhwko3yksczgaawjhfa --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdb
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljttk4a3atrkjdfqccfpqwvtob3feqzik5jwoxerjgdyrwx7xrdbxoa --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtlycbtntddcupgc4j6ai2cpunqelsslemdallmgvgzjwe5sz77uoq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdi
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtgnmop7vsf2gfl5mrit4e3ono6xmsbxp2k2rsxcozjaaov3idvuwa --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdl
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtjlggu4j76hoaqo7rbit6tedyshpniwpbm6rloc7gh3hfeoabwzvq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdg
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljt3bb6rea6bppl6ryqtt5qeen2hk263fnr3tiyko7rgxsln3qcr4wa --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdac
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtbttxsclply227mkfpfuceezvuc3symuik2fl2mft74yxmrrtsbkq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevde
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljts6d4zzqqx2pfcrthwsbk7j3cc6mnwl7mouwmlnklsrbjbcrxgewa --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdt
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtz7xlredhqtga73ioy2xdiwzybq6ujpo5w5s2jclhiyuz5pvcqcpa --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdk
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtlycbtntddcupgc4j6ai2cpunqelsslemdallmgvgzjwe5sz77uoq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdi
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtr3qvhrz5ukch6jzejiqvte6hjsjwho6agnofrfd7txgkfc7e4xua --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdq
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljthsqhotha2wkpwa7wfcm6xrgflxwe2tpp7jprjcyij5corxbyglyq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdo
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtcrkrzi7jrfhke6oir4xedvfmqeihoiazxlhwko3yksczgaawjhfa --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdb
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtt57ruygrnfzmcr45tbezmvp5jcff7h5tpu6totbr2wez2c4rkj2a --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdy
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljttcvfnycn5n63phdejibravpqo6zcs5ijw2akrmf5iw6ncmkkgqwq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdj
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtc2bwbgfvqd4wbtokwvfypyff5rhz67l33m4tk2zjhdzp2itgcwfa --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdae
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljt3c7wz3rkvihqj67nvp4hfi4vimex6oul56yugvqnmf657erlqtxq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdf
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtahghzjtawlcvhginqcllvgwkbtywf6zzj7uoveejqa6ljxxbsdjq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdh
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljt6cky6tv6fnd4ijbejzbopztql3yrh24dqebrbiouyaps3gf4rhrq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdp
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljttd4zkqsx6f66jnijrafdnrzytdcmo52a6wzpjabhtzqhseyrkcba --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdu
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtqdfk2hcpiiyu3pnoj44gduxwmavayu6hsnqw47zpi2qltloxh75a --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdr
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtxhoz7l6ny5qjdnx7ieja3ctbh72344xvwva6ca4k67oiipxyr7aq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdw
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtsat77yavmc7vc5q62vldshg22m6at7e7dkzezezxdztcoxmvyzta --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdv
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtqasyhm536f6a74lk6zv3a2gcfyp73ttjhkkw7undisbgma2aejha --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdd
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtmhjatz65up6pb7yhbfgpv6mehcs5t6kdxk6by6fdpeubvxbrfnjq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdab
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtxrsorlvbxtwx5ltjsfc3qjy2ap6wdj3vvatutp55i3xjkjwofrhq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdn
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtz3pdhuhutjemwhkiv3gz54u2tjcn7xvac44yfrw3pxcinjhmiqja --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevds
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtbpuj3z3w4ewd447nfvygtu2zvkylcp7kapt27537bqgnwwguzmla --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdm
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtgdvnrnguv7tc35t6sw7cqzi672r35wnicdtf7shtfo4yvrntudyq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdx
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtchslgglesmzxuzwaffaw2cf4w2z47vvqlsjgwpdobrq6ccr4vhpq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdaa
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtdwsc3sqoerl3mefn7fgovpawyfadnv23n37by73bexs4x7thydka --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdz
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtowhrhgbmiysbudjiqmmk4ey74ob5q3flhgwkvrsha4gquagid5ra --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdc
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtvx53bomy52nsuweb7xvfco5k3n67wddleb2sxh5z6umo3b4qe7gq --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljthqmvnkkk6gvygigokboajqwgyskz2kxnws7hmsrg5o7izqujudla --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdad
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtgdvnrnguv7tc35t6sw7cqzi672r35wnicdtf7shtfo4yvrntudyq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdx
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtbpuj3z3w4ewd447nfvygtu2zvkylcp7kapt27537bqgnwwguzmla --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdm
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtlycbtntddcupgc4j6ai2cpunqelsslemdallmgvgzjwe5sz77uoq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdi
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtowhrhgbmiysbudjiqmmk4ey74ob5q3flhgwkvrsha4gquagid5ra --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdc
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtxhoz7l6ny5qjdnx7ieja3ctbh72344xvwva6ca4k67oiipxyr7aq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdw
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtcrkrzi7jrfhke6oir4xedvfmqeihoiazxlhwko3yksczgaawjhfa --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdb
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljttcvfnycn5n63phdejibravpqo6zcs5ijw2akrmf5iw6ncmkkgqwq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdj
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtz3pdhuhutjemwhkiv3gz54u2tjcn7xvac44yfrw3pxcinjhmiqja --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevds
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtz7xlredhqtga73ioy2xdiwzybq6ujpo5w5s2jclhiyuz5pvcqcpa --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdk
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtdwsc3sqoerl3mefn7fgovpawyfadnv23n37by73bexs4x7thydka --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdz
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljthqmvnkkk6gvygigokboajqwgyskz2kxnws7hmsrg5o7izqujudla --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdad
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtr3qvhrz5ukch6jzejiqvte6hjsjwho6agnofrfd7txgkfc7e4xua --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdq
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtqasyhm536f6a74lk6zv3a2gcfyp73ttjhkkw7undisbgma2aejha --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdd
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljt3bb6rea6bppl6ryqtt5qeen2hk263fnr3tiyko7rgxsln3qcr4wa --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdac
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtc2bwbgfvqd4wbtokwvfypyff5rhz67l33m4tk2zjhdzp2itgcwfa --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdae
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtahghzjtawlcvhginqcllvgwkbtywf6zzj7uoveejqa6ljxxbsdjq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdh
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtt57ruygrnfzmcr45tbezmvp5jcff7h5tpu6totbr2wez2c4rkj2a --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdy
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljthsqhotha2wkpwa7wfcm6xrgflxwe2tpp7jprjcyij5corxbyglyq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdo
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtmhjatz65up6pb7yhbfgpv6mehcs5t6kdxk6by6fdpeubvxbrfnjq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdab
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtxrsorlvbxtwx5ltjsfc3qjy2ap6wdj3vvatutp55i3xjkjwofrhq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdn
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljttd4zkqsx6f66jnijrafdnrzytdcmo52a6wzpjabhtzqhseyrkcba --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdu
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljts6d4zzqqx2pfcrthwsbk7j3cc6mnwl7mouwmlnklsrbjbcrxgewa --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdt
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtsat77yavmc7vc5q62vldshg22m6at7e7dkzezezxdztcoxmvyzta --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdv
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtqdfk2hcpiiyu3pnoj44gduxwmavayu6hsnqw47zpi2qltloxh75a --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdr
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtgnmop7vsf2gfl5mrit4e3ono6xmsbxp2k2rsxcozjaaov3idvuwa --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdl
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtchslgglesmzxuzwaffaw2cf4w2z47vvqlsjgwpdobrq6ccr4vhpq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdaa
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtbttxsclply227mkfpfuceezvuc3symuik2fl2mft74yxmrrtsbkq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevde
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljt3c7wz3rkvihqj67nvp4hfi4vimex6oul56yugvqnmf657erlqtxq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdf
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljt6cky6tv6fnd4ijbejzbopztql3yrh24dqebrbiouyaps3gf4rhrq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdp
sleep 3s; oci compute volume-attachment attach --type iscsi --is-shareable true --instance-id ocid1.instance.oc1.iad.abuwcljtpfboncxgqf7igssyacicikhd5vps7nzvb4kukb2cjaa4ndklpaua --volume-id ocid1.volume.oc1.iad.abuwcljtjlggu4j76hoaqo7rbit6tedyshpniwpbm6rloc7gh3hfeoabwzvq --device /dev/oracleoci/oraclevdg
